#summary Notes from a spring 2013 working group comprised of representatives from CLO, OBI, CL, and ReO, which worked to establish a consensus model and definitions of cultured cells and cell lines.
== Overview ==
There is considerable ambiguity and inconsistent usage surrounding the term 'cell line' across biomedical communities. For example, it can refer to the maximal collection of all cells in a cultured lineage (e.g. the collection of all HeLa cells that exist), or to discrete portions of this maximal collection that are stored, exchanged, and applied experimentally (e.g. the dish of HeLa cells I am using in my experiment). A working group of representatives from OBI, CLO, and CL was assembled in spring of 2013 to harmonize modeling and terminology surrounding experimentally cultured cells across Open Biomedical Ontologies, following OBO Foundry principles of orthogonality and re-use. A consensus was reached to apply the term 'cell line' to refer not to a maximal collection of cells of a given type, but to discrete populations of cultured cells that share a common propagation history which has conferred a certain a genetic stability and compositional homogeneity to the population.  This meaning reflects its most common usage in domain discourse, and will best support data annotation requirements.  

This approach seems to accomplish several desirable goals:
  # It allows us to define the term 'cell line' for the community in a precise way that also reflects how the term is most commonly used in the literature and scientific discourse.
  # It gives a definition that provides clear criteria to help specify what are and what are not instances of 'cell lines' in the real world 
  # The criteria it provides demarcate populations that represent what researchers actually use in the practice of science - ie are the inputs to culturing, experimentation, and sharing. The cells in such populations will be a relatively uniform population as they have experienced similar selective pressures due to their continuous co-propagation.  And this population will also have a single passage number, again owing to their common passaging history.  
  # The definition seems to be true to the meaning of the word 'line' - which is suggests a specific lineage of derivation.

== Details ==
Some additional notes about the concept of a 'cell line' as defined in CLO:

1. The term 'line' is used when a culture has undergone an intentional experimental process to establish a more uniform and stable population of cells (see 'establishing cell line'). This will require one or more passages, but may involve additional selection processes. Through such passaging and/or selection processes, the resulting 'line' attains some level of genetic stability and compositional homogeneity which is typically absent in primary cultures. Because of their relative homogeneity, ‘lines’ are capable of being characterized and stably propagated over a period of time.  A new *_type_* of cell line can be established not only through the passaging/selection of a primary culture, but also through experimental modifications of existing lines (e.g. immortalization, stable genetic modifications, drug selection for a resistant subset, etc.).  

2. The definition provided here establishes the 'scale' of cell populations that qualify as cell lines - specifically those with a shared propagation history in culture. In this way,  the 'cell line' class demarcates populations that represent what researchers actually use in the practice of science - e.g. as inputs to culturing, experimentation, and sharing. The definition is such that cell lines will exhibit important attributes. For example, they will have a relatively homogenous cell type composition as they have experienced similar selective pressures due to their continuous co-propagation. In addition, these populations can also be characterized by a passage number, again owing to their common passaging history.  As defined here,  'cell line' can refer to a population of cells in active culture, applied experimentally, or stored in a quiescent state for future use. 

3. Definitional criteria are intended to be sufficiently clear to specify what are and what are not instances of 'cell lines' in the real world. A 'HeLa cell line' would be a subset of all HeLa cells that exist  - specifically any subset that has been derived through a shared continuous lineage wherein the cells have always been passaged together and thereby evolved together through the selective pressures imposed by this common history. Accordingly, 'HeLa cell line' would not be used to refer to the collection of all HeLa cells in a given lab, or all HeLa cells in the ATCC repository, as cells in these collections will likely not all share a common culture history. Rather, 'HeLa cell line' could refer to the collection of cells I am culturing at a given moment, or that I apply in an experiment  - as such collections typically meet the criteria of having a shared propagation history.  As noted above, it is such collections that are typically referred to in scientific discourse and publications.

4. Notably, the term 'line' has been alternately used by other terminologies and communities to refer to cultures that have been immortalized - ie has attained the capacity for indefinite propagation in vitro.  In this ontology, we refer to such cell lines as 'immortal cell lines', and use the term 'cell line' to indicate any culture that has been passaged.