[URI of the OWL(RDF/XML) output file]
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/clo/DOID_import.owl

[Source ontology]
DOID

[Low level source term URIs]

http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0050686 #organ systm cancer

http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4007 #bladder carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_11054 #urinary bladder cancer

http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4905 #pancreatic carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4074 #pancreas adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1793 #pancreative cancer, pancreative neoplasm

http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4450 #renal cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4451 #renal carcinoma, kidney carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_263 #kidney cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5974 #renal pelvis transitional cell carcinoma


http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4515 #thyroid sarcoma 
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1781  #thyroid cancer

http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1324 #lung cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4556  #lung large cell carinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5409 #lung small cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3908 #non-small cell lung carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5583 #lung giant cell carcinoma

http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4897 #bile duct carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4607 #biliary tract cancer

http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5041 #esophageal cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4914 #esophagus adenocarcinoma

http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5076 #mixed glioma

http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5303 #cervical clear cell adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2893 #cervical carcinoma

http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5557 #testicular germ cell cancer

http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5517 #stomach carcinoma, gastric carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3717 #gastric adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5635 # gastric adenosquamous carcinoma

http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060083 #immune system cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5603 #acute T cell leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_715 #T cell leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10747 #lymphoid leukemia 
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_707 #B-cell lymphoma, B-cell lymphocytic neoplasm
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060061 #cutaneous T cell lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5823 #pediatric lymphoma

http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_684 #hepatocellular carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3571 #liver cancer

http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_769 #neuroblastoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3093 #nervous system cancer

http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8602 #gum cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8618 #oral cavity cancer

http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3119 #gastrointestinal system cancer (note: this is in CLO already but appears in old hierarchy)

http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_0060060 # non-Hodgkin lymphoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8567 #Hodgkin lymphoma	

# http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_305 #carcinoma, already in CLO
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_193 #reproductive system cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1037 #lymphoblastic leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9952 #acute lymphocytic leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3748 #esophagus squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9119 #acute myeloid leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8864 #acute monocytic leukemia
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_10286 #prostate carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1520 #colon carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_234 #colon adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1749 #squamous Carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1909 #malignant melanoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3007 #breast ductal carcinoma

http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3959 #adrenal cortical adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3069 #astrocytoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4006 #urinary bladder urothelial carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3742 #bladder squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3369 #Ewing sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3458 #breast adenocarinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3459 #breast carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4680 #breast metaplastic carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3744 #cervical squamous cell carcinoma

http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3702 #cervical adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3371 #chondrosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3594 #choriocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_2871 #endometrial carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4226 #endometrial stromal sarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3355 #fibrosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3962 #follicular thyroid carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_9173 #submandibular gland cancer
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3068 #glioblastoma multiforme
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5176 #renal Wilms' tumor
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3910 #lung adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3907 #lung squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3181 #oligodendroglioma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3347 #osteosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4001 #ovarian carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3713 #ovary adenocarcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3247 #rhabdomyosarcoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3151 #skin squamous cell carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3963 #thyroid carcinoma
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_363 #uterine cancer

http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1040 #chronic lymphocytic leukemia	
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_8675 #malignant lymphoma	
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_1612 #breast cancer	
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5675 #ductal carcinoma


[Top level source term URIs and target direct superclass URIs]
http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_162 #cancer


#http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_4905 #pancreatic carcinoma
#subClassOf http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3588 #pancreative neoplasm, which is already in CLO but unavailable any more.

http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_5076 #mixed glioma
subClassOf http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/DOID_3070 #malignant glioma


[Source term retrieval setting]
includeComputedIntermediates


[Source annotation URIs]
includeAllAnnotationProperties
